Hi, this is Scott. I
really appreciate our sponsors because
they make the show possible.
Today's show is sponsored by
Tellerik create compelling app experiences
across any screen with the
Tellerik platform Telerx end to
end platform. Uniquely combines industry
leading UI tools with cloud
services to simplify the entire
app development cycle Tellerik offers
everything.net developers need to build
quality apps faster. Try it
free at tellerik.com/platform that's tellerik.com/platform
From Hansel minutes.com it's Hanselman.
It's a weekly discussion with
web developer and technologist Scott
Hansel. This is Lawrence Ryan announced
some show number 501. In
this episode, Scott talks with
VJ Shanker about speaking up
and improving your communication skills.
Hi, this is Scott Hanselman.
This is another episode of
Hanselminutes and today we're talking
with pore NEMA VJ Shanker
from Femgineer. How are you?
Great, thank you. I appreciate
you chatting with me today.
I I've looked all over
your, your web presence and
you've got a really great,
really compelling YouTube channel. You've
got books and pamphlets and
information and accompany that all
seemed to be around empowerment.
I would even say around
getting people to speak up.
Why is speaking up so
important As techies, whether we
are technical or even a
I've seen this happen with
marketers and product managers, people
get into this idea that
you just gotta be heads
down. You've got to crank
through ship coach product, and
you'll get recognized for your
efforts, but too often, that
doesn't happen. And it's not
even just about career advancement.
It's also about connecting with
customers. It's about letting people
know about your company, if
you're a startup. And so
there's gotta be this balance
between the time that we
spend doing the technical work
and presenting ourselves in public.
What do we think that
heads down became such a
desirable or presume desirable thing
that culturally, when did that
start, that we were to
get your head down and
getting I'm really heads down
on this project? Well, for
starters, it's gratifying at the
end of the day, you
can point to something and
say, I built that, or
I fixed that. And that's
what we want to feel
at the end of day,
right? Want to feel like
we did something, we accomplished
something. And so it's very
easy to put a, put
your finger and point to
something that you accomplished. It's
very hard to say. I
talked to customers or I
went out and gave this
talk at a conference because
you can't quantify what the
results are. And as techies,
we love to quantify things,
right? We'd love to get
things done and we'd love
to quantify things. And so
it's very hard for us
to not be headstone. You
know, that you've like really
nailed, like, that's my job
right now. You know, like
before it was tests passes
and lines of code written,
but like after this, I'm
going to go into downtown
Portland, I'm going to talk
at a conference, you know,
I'm going to, what do
I say? You know, touch
the lives of 50 people.
And they all seem to
appreciate what I had to
say. Like, how do you
quantify that in a way
that makes you feel like
your boss is not going
to fire you? Yeah, you
don't. I mean, the purpose
isn't to quantify the purpose
is to take a time
out, to go out and
actually do some qualitative work,
meaning talking to customers, seeing
how they're reacting to your
product, or going out and
spreading the word about your
product, your company, whatever, and
seeing how people respond to
it. And it's important to
have this balance between the
qualitative and the quantitative and
to get that feedback. So
it's not always about measuring,
but it is about taking
a time out to, to
hear what other people think
of our products and to,
and to make that one
on one connection. Is that
something that every engineer should
do? I think on some
level, I think it comes
down to, you know, what
their responsibilities are. You know,
if you are an individual
contributor and your goal is
to ship product, then it's
fair to say you would
set a goal of maybe
one talk a quarter, or
at least one talk every
six months because you know,
you're, you're definitely on the
assembly line versus your VP
of engineering or your CTO.
Your job is to recruit,
or at least one of
the main goals of your
job is to recruit. So
it's important for you to
be out there speaking and
spreading the word about your
company. So it does come
down to, I think, job,
a job role or job
function, but that's not to
say that the engineer couldn't
speak as many times as
they would like, or the
CTO or VP of engineering.
Couldn't be writing some level
of code. But I think
it's important that everybody takes
the time out to do
something as simple as speaking
up in a meeting or
doing a user group You're
you're advocating for people to
be real well-rounded yes. Do
you find that to be
a challenge? Has that been
a challenge historically for you?
I think for me, it
has not been a challenge.
Whether or not it's been
rewarded is a different conversation.
And I think that's where
a lot of people feel
like, even though they may
be open to speaking up,
whether it's in a meeting
or at a conference, they
either feel like people are
going to see it as
a waste of time. Like
you mentioned know, you can't
quantify it, or they might
even be shot down. You
know, their ideas might not
be heard. So over time
they stopped doing it as
much. So, so we can
kind of get into what
that means. But I think
people generally initially want to,
to be well rounded, not
everyone's like, Oh, I'm just
going to write code forever.
Right. They understand the importance
of talking to customers, getting
feedback, talking to their teammates.
But I think over time
they start to become more
and more reclusive. Yeah. And
I don't think anyone wants
to. I mean, there are
people and I have been
on the use of the
assembly line, no one like
aspires to the assembly line.
Right. They would like to
be a part of the
larger machine and appreciated and
a valued member of the
team. They recognize that you
have to put your heads
down sometimes and crank out
some code, but I don't
think anyone inspires to like
top out at the assembly
line. Right. So speaking up
is, is extremely important. Do
you think, is it important
because it, it feeds someone's
spirit or is it important
because it is going to
help their career? Why should
someone speak up? Why can't
I just be quiet? Well,
I think it's, it's multifaceted.
It's not just one thing.
Right? So I think the
first is, regardless of what
we say, people need to
be heard. Their ideas need
to be heard, whether it's
a good idea or not,
you know, in a traditional
brainstorming session, one of the
golden rules is everybody gets
to chime in and ideas
will not be judged. Right.
We save that for later
on when we're paring down,
figuring out what's feasible, et
cetera. But in general, people
need to feel like they're
heard. And the same thing
happens in like a postmortem
session. And so I think
in general, people need to
be heard by their teammates,
as well as, you know,
upper level management. Otherwise they
will start to feel like
that cog in the assembly
line. So I think that's
the first, the second is
it's also important for other
people to learn about you,
you know, other, other folks
on the team, they need
to understand how you make
decisions. They need to understand
how you think. And a
lot of times when we
don't speak up or we
hold back, then people don't
even get to know about
who we are, where our
interests might lie or where
our expertise might lie. So,
so that's another way to
engage with, with our teammates.
And then I think the
final part of this is,
you know, certainly more of
the directed, like, Oh, we
have certain things that we
need to communicate. Whether it's
like deadlines or product features
or et cetera, those are
more transactional, I would say.
So we have to get
that out. But it's really
about the first two. It's
about, you know, being heard
and people getting to know
about us. And if those
things don't happen, then again,
we tend to be more
reclusive. Someone told me once,
and I don't know what
I think about this statement,
but it was an interesting
one that you teach people
how to treat you. Now.
I think that there's, there's
implicit biases. There are explicit.
There's all sorts of contexts,
both historical and personal. That
leads someone to an interaction
with someone else. But once
we're face to face like
you and I are right
now, we're teaching each other
how to treat each other,
whether it be through interruptions
or eye contact or all
those things. Do you think
that applies to engineers that
maybe are less likely to
speak up? Definitely. So it's
important. Everybody set boundaries. And
the only way you can
set boundaries is to actually
explain what those boundaries are.
Right? So if you tell
somebody I can't meet this
deadline, then the follow up
question, hopefully the followup question
is, you know, why, what
is it that's holding you
back? Are you stuck? Do
you need to learn et
cetera? And hopefully that person
on the receiving end is
asking those questions. So that's,
that's great. But I think
the other, the other part
is, you know, our teammates
are, our bosses are not
mind readers and they don't
know if we're being overworked
or if we are stuck.
So it's up to us
to speak up. Now, mind
you, there are some toxic
teams out there. I understand
where even if you say
this, they won't recognize it,
but it's still your job
to initiate. And if it's
not recognized, then you know,
finding an environment where it
will be, right? Yeah. It
is challenging. Sometimes when there
are interactions, you may not
necessarily be responsible for a
bad interaction, but you're accountable
for how you decide to
deal with that. Going forward.
You have got a, your
company does online training and
books and all sorts of
stuff. But you, one thing
that you do that I
think is really interesting is
you have a online training
that is on being a
confident communicator. So this is
like a course that someone
could take if they were
wanting to go out and
become a public speaker and
do user groups or do
big conferences. Exactly. Yeah. So
the goal of that course
is to take you from
either you haven't done any
speaking before, or you've done
some and you really want
to do more, whether that's
internally at your company, you
know, onboarding new employees or
customers, or you want to
be more public facing, you
want to get out there,
be on the conference circuit
and you know, talking to
talking to folks. So we
walk you through the core
step by step to get
you to a point where
at the end you have
developed a lightning talk, as
well as a long form,
talk around an area of
expertise. Now you might not
know what your area of
expertise is coming in. And
that's okay. Because part of
the course is to teach
you, a lot of folks
have trouble with that. They
might've been coding for two
years, 20 years have they
don't feel like they're an
expert, but if I recall
one of your previous podcasts,
you said, you know, you're
an enthusiastic amateur. And so
our goal is to get
people to feel like an
enthusiastic amateur and hopefully better
than that, but to figure
out what that particular enthusiasm
is like, what the topic
is that they want to
speak to. And it's okay.
Like it's important to say
that out loud, it's for
amateurs to talk about an
area that they are enthusiastic
about. You don't have to
be an expert to give
a talk on a topic.
Totally. And the reason is
because, you know, when I
first graduated from college, I
got invited to speak a
lot. And I was a
little bit stunned because I
was like, ah, two years
out of college. But a
lot of people said, well,
we want you to come
because, and speak to college
kids because they're just like
you. And they can see
what life would be like
two years from now. If
we brought in a CEO,
who's been in the industry
for 20 years, they're going
to feel like, Oh my
gosh, that's so far away.
How will I ever get
there? And so it's important
to have people speaking at
various stages, not just, you
know, fortune 500 CEOs, but
even folks who are six
months, 12 months, or two
years in to a project
or their careers. I think
also that people look at
people. And I'm just, when
I say people, I mean,
you all the listener, you
maybe look at people who
give talks or known for
giving talks and you see
that as some kind of
a, a destination, but they
also think that there's one
on one communication. And then
there's talking to 2000 people,
but it really is a
gradient of communication skills. Isn't
it? It is. And that's
actually one of the techniques
that we cover pretty heavily
in our course. And in
the end, in the upcoming
book as well, is this
concept of getting comfortable, having
one on one conversations with
your teammates, you know, your
boss, your peers, and then
expanding to a, what I
call a mini audience. Maybe
that's five people or 10
people could be a user
group of 30 and then
going from there to maybe
a hundred, a thousand, right.
Nobody goes from zero to
10,000 overnight. And so it's
getting comfortable in those settings
and that's really what helps
you get over your stage
fright. But it's also what
helps you to understand what's
resonating as your audience grows.
Yeah. I think it's important.
Remember that an audience of
multiple people, it might be
five people. It might be
the five important people who
need to hear your message
at your job. It doesn't
mean you necessarily need to
go and speak at the
next big conference or you
even need to speak at
a user group. Definitely. And,
and the, I would say
the audience management is definitely
different between those two. I
know a lot of people
I've actually spoken to who,
who do the 50 or
500. I actually tell me
that they get scared when
they have to present in
front of five, because it
feels very intimate. They're sort
of put on the spot.
It might be somebody like
a decision maker in their
company. And so the stakes
are higher than talking to
like 500 people in a
big audience. You know, that,
that makes reminds me of
a time. I was giving
a presentation to about 40
people at a company I'd
never been to before. And
it was not until the
very end when someone kind
of left at the very,
very end. And then someone
said that was the president
of the company. And frankly,
I was glad they didn't
tell me beforehand because I
would have given a different
talk. Like it would have
had a different feeling. I
was very real and raw
and it turns out they
appreciated that. But I didn't
realize that in myself, I
would have, I would have
torpedoed myself for lack of
a better word. If I
had known that the founder
of the company was sitting,
you know, I just thought
it was a random person.
You know, I assume you
can't assume things about your
audience, Right. And that's okay.
I mean, you want to,
you want people to feel
your almost authentic self. You
don't want to be filtered
because if you do, then
you just don't come off
as appealing. You know, audiences
can sense when you're nervous,
but they can also sense
when you're being disingenuous. And
you, you believe that the
career doors open when people
get their communication skills tuned
in, and this is a
skill that you learn, this,
there are people who are
built to speak, but you
really believe this can be
taught. It. Definitely. I actually
have a pretty traditional background.
You know, I was definitely
that shy kid who hid
behind my mother's skirt for
a long time. And it
wasn't until, you know, I
wanted to be a lawyer
obviously decided against that career
path. But when I found
out, or at least when
I decided I wanted to
be a lawyer, I knew,
okay, I've got to suck
it up and I've got
to start taking public speaking
courses. So yes, I was
that a high school debate
nerd and went through and
learned all the mechanics behind
public speaking. So it's definitely
a skill that can be
taught. And it's also a
skill that you've got to
hone over time. You know,
the way I spoke in
debate is not how I
would get up and present
today if I was presenting
in front of customers or
if I was speaking to
college students. And so that
too is important than evolves
over time. So you have
the confident communicator course. And
then just now in November,
the present, that's the name
of the book present the
techies guide to engaging an
audience book that's available now
as well in, in both
of these courses, I assume
that the course came first
and then the book came
out of the course. Yes.
So the course is actually
much more in depth. You
know, we go into some
advanced topics, we go into
topics like how to get
paid, to speak if that's
of interest to you, as
well as some other scenarios.
And, and the, and the
reason that we do it
in the course is it
gives us the ability to
be more hands on with
our students. The, the goal
of the book is to
get you comfortable giving maybe
that first talk, or if
you have given your first
talk and you felt like
it wasn't polished, or you
didn't engage with the audience
enough, then giving you some
more step by step guidance
to improving it. So the
book is definitely more of
a primer and the course
gets into more advanced topics.
And in the book, you
talk about small groups as
well as go moving up
to larger. Yep. Yep. Each,
each chapter basically is broken
down. So, you know, we're
starting with some of the
basics around, how do you
comp with your topic? How
do you test a topic
in front of a really
small group, maybe it's a
peer or your team, and
then going from there to
creating a short outline to
practice from, you know, how
to then go and speak
to a initial set of
people and then grow your
audience from there. So we're
walking you through step by
step to get you to
a point at the end
of the book where you
have that final talk. And
there are exercises in the
book to guide you through
that entire process. So at
the point that you are
now, you said that on
the way from high school
up until now, you went
through the high school debate
direction. Now I went through
drama. So I was actually
like, people don't realize I
actually lettered in drama. So
I have a high school
Letterman's jacket that people assume
means I have some ability
at sports. It didn't in
fact means nothing of the
sort I let in drama.
Have you noticed any difference
between the kinds of skills
that were developed in a
dramatic or in an onstage
kind of a sense versus
doing debate or are they
the same thing? Well, debate
is very aggressive, right? Your,
your whole goal during that,
you know, hour or however
long a session is, is
to come off super confident.
And you're almost talking at
people the majority of the
time, you know, there's some,
there's some level of, of
softening, but, but in general,
you know, I would say
it can be very aggressive.
The type of speaking I
do now is not at
all aggressive, right? It is
more inspirational. It's about empowering
and it's about educating people.
And when you do it
in that kind of context,
you have to be very,
very careful about who your
audience is. What's going to
resonate with them. If you're
showcasing a process or something
you it's repeatable, and they
can go out and, and
repeat that. So, so it's
very, very different. It probably
mirrors more of an oratory,
you know, TEDx style sort
of speaking. So I did
have to learn a new
style. And I also had
to learn how to identify
my audience because before the
audience was very much the
same, you know, was other
high school debaters. And then
the judges who were previous
high school debaters or college
debaters. And so it was
very, I would say limited
in terms of its diversity.
Whereas now, you know, I
am going to be talking
to investors, customers, students, et
cetera. And so I've got
to be more comfortable changing
my style up as well
as changing my messaging. I
sometimes look at it as
putting on different suits and
which is funny, cause I
don't really have any suits,
but there's, you know, there's
the talking to investors suit.
There's talking to, you know,
old bankers suit versus the
talking to a bunch of
young kids. Certainly you would
teach high school kids very
differently than you would teach
adults an engineering topic. It
seems to me when people
initially get started speaking, they
don't really differentiate as much.
They just go out and
they do whatever their default
is. It seems like people
really should think about their
audience and put a, put
the correct suit on for
that audience. Yeah. I mean,
you know, as techies, we're
used to building products, right?
And what's the first thing
that we do when we're
building a product, we think
about who's our user, what's
the experience we want to
give them a talk is
no different. You know, the
only thing that's different is
instead of developing a product,
we're developing some content, but
the mechanics are still the
same. So we need to
think through who the audience
is going to be. What
are some of the problems
or pain points they might
experience? What are some questions
that might come up during
a Q and a, and
a lot of times, if
the audience mirrors who we
might have been when we're
like conveying the experience, then
that's great, but there might
be more, right? So there's
even things that I recommend,
like testing out. What kinds
of questions people might ask
given the topic so that
you don't feel blindsided during
a Q and a session.
But I think a lot
of the parallels exist between
building a product as well
as building a talk. And
that's important to keep in
mind. You think that people
sometimes put so much work
into their products and they
don't, they don't put as
much work into a talk,
but the talk is a
product in itself. Why aren't
we doing AB testing and
trying it out with different
people upfront? You know, you
can't just roll in and
start talking. Right. Well, it
depends. Some people, I think
it's giving a talk for
some people is like, Oh,
my boss came in and
said, I have to do
this presentation. So I'm going
to whip something up and
put it out there. Right.
Or a lot of times
they're communicating some information that's
been passed down to them.
It's not always their own
experience. You see this a
lot with marketers and sales
folks. But if when you,
when you take a look
at a content, I think
you do want to take
the time to take a
step back and ask the
question, you know, how is
this gonna impact the person
listening? The other reason I
think people fail to do
this, or they don't necessarily
think about it is because
they're just regurgitating an experience
rather than thinking about it
through the lens of, okay,
I'm going to presenting to
a brand new engineer, who's
learning Python for the first
time. What was my experience?
Like what might they experience?
What might be some points
that they might get stuck?
Right. So we don't necessarily
take the time instead. We're
like, Oh, I had this
amazing experience learning the Django
framework. And now I'm going
to tell you all about
it. And that can be
very one sided. People still
want to hear that. But
again, you've got it crafted
in a way that's going
to be beneficial to them.
Yeah. I think empathy is
what I'm hearing. You say,
really seeing it from their
perspective and, and putting yourself
in their shoes. And, and
like you said, AB testing
for talks is great. I
think a lot of times
people do a talk and
then they're like, okay, well
that was done. It's totally
okay to give the same
talk multiple times to refine
it, to take feedback from
your audience and then figure
out what some holes might
be. But the goal isn't
to just create a new
talk every single time. Yeah,
definitely. I've got, I've got
very kind of dry educational
talks that I do, but
I've also got one that
I've been doing lately, which
is a very light fun.
I call it edutainment. I've
probably done it like eight
or nine times. Probably. There
are some people who are
sick of seeing it, but
like any good speech. I
swear, it's getting better each
time. You know, I'm, I'm
getting to practice it on
people at conferences. And even
those people who might have
heard it before, I would
be surprised if they didn't
learn something new the next
time. Cause there's always times
where I go and see
somebody speak and I maybe
get 50%. I'm lucky if
I get 75%, like as
in retain it. So I
typically ask them like, Hey,
if this was broadcast or
there's a recording of it,
can I check it out
again? Especially if there was
some sort of process involved,
cause I want to go
back and revisit what they
covered. I'm not going to
sit there and scratch down
notes the whole time I
want to be engaged. Well,
this is actually a perfect
time to pivot and talk
about something else. You did
a talk at a TEDx
talk that was called taking
the time to tinker. And
that, that really resonated with
me. I think sometimes we
get so focused on building
product and making money and
founding this and engineering that,
that we forget that just
trying to get an led
to light up can be
a very inspirational kind of
an experience. Can you talk
to me about why it's
important to tinker? Yeah, well,
you know, I did that
talk because I was appealing
to two audiences, one, a
group of people who may
be a little bit afraid
of technology, you know, they
could be people who are
young or mid career or,
you know, just in a
completely different industry, but I
wanted to get people more
accustomed to playing with technology
and being comfortable with breaking
things and really taking it
through a lens of a
child. You know, a child
doesn't really care if they
break things unless they get
yelled at. So as an
adult, you know, hopefully, no
one's gonna yell at you
if you're doing this as
a side project. Right. So
getting people more comfortable with
that. And then to your
point, actually, to discovering other
areas, like I think a
lot of times people get
very stuck in I'm a
rails developer or I'm a
marketer and they don't take
the time to maybe go
out and learn a new
skill. It doesn't mean that
the marketer has to become
an engineer or the engineer
has to become the marketer,
but just kind of getting
to know another discipline, one
to help with empathy. Right.
Understand who else is on
your team, but two to
also just get a different
viewpoint and see how that
impacts your creativity longterm. So
I think that's, that's important,
but yeah, there's not enough
time. I know in people's
day jobs to take to
tinker. So telling them to
work slowly, you know, it
can be maybe just a
small project they do once
and then that's it, or
even an hour a day,
or even if it's on
an hour, a day, an
hour, a month or once
a quarter. Right. Just a
little bit goes a long
way. Yeah. I think kind
of tying the two threads
between getting out of your
comfort zone and giving presentations
and getting out of your
comfort zone and tinkering, it
can be really challenging because
someone might do their first
speech and discover that they're
not a natural, right. Just
as I tried to solder
some wires together and discovered,
apparently I'm not a natural
at soldering, it can be
really overwhelming to learn that
I'm not awesome at everything.
You know what I mean?
If I can consistently, I'm
not awesome at a lot
of things, but it's still
important. Yeah. I don't, I
mean, I can't think of
anything. I remember being when
I was a kid and,
and thinking, Oh my, my
first talk w it was
horrible. It wasn't even about
a stage fright. It was
more just like the content
was bad. The presentation was
bad. Didn't have a lot
of logical flow. And getting
back that initial set of
commentary was very disheartening but
necessary. And I think in
that learning phase, you have
to get comfortable with that,
but you've got to take
that first step. So I'm
definitely more of the camp
of, I don't know if
anything has come naturally to
me, I know there are
some people who are, are
great, you know, they'll pick
up something and start to
work wonders. But I think
for the vast majority of
us out there, we definitely
are more of a learn
by doing and refining over
time. You know, I think
that is a really, really
valuable thing to remember that
it, it may come naturally
to someone, but that just
gets them up to a
certain point. It's simply a
jumpstart, you know, Serena Williams
did not have instant success
as a tennis player. Right.
She had a natural ability,
but it's the hard work
really? That, that made it
happen. Definitely. Yeah. That, that
will compliment sort of your
natural talents or your natural
interests. But yeah, you've got
to have both. Absolutely. Now
you are a, an engineer
that worked at mint, as
I understand that was, she
was at your first place
that you worked. It's my
second. That was my first
startup, but it was my
second job out of college.
And you have a double
major in both electrical engineering
and computer science. Correct. And
while you were at mint,
is it true that you
were the only woman on
the staff with the early
startup times? Yes, I, I
was, well, I was the
only woman engineer. We did
have some other women in
business functions, like the marketing
office, chief marketing officer and
in business development. So there
were other women on the
team, but I was the
sole female engineer. And was
it that, that fact that
it caused you to start
Femgineer? So at the time
this was back in 2007,
I wanted to get back
into writing and a couple
friends of mine who were
working at the company definitely
encouraged me to start blogging.
They're like, Oh, that's what
all the cool kids are
doing. So I thought, okay,
why not? And I, you
know, you always get into
this conundrum of like what
to call a blog or
what to call a, and
certainly porny my reader, shanker.com
was going to be ridiculous,
right. Just to search, to,
to type in, I, I
knew it would be. And
I just thought about, what
do I want to talk
about? Well, I really want
to talk about being an
engineer, being in startups, building
products. And since I just,
you know, identified as like,
Hey, I'm female and engineer,
why not call it? Femgineer,
that's how the name came
out of it. And it
kind of stuck to the
theme of what I was
working on at the time.
Very cool. I, now it
is an education company and
you have a partner and
you're creating content and classes
and all sorts of stuff.
Exactly. That's fantastic. So your
book present, I'll put again,
a link in the show
notes, but it's up, you
can see it at femgineer.com/present.
Dash book is out now
and a, can people get
it on Amazon as well?
Yeah, I think it'll probably
be another month before it's
out an Amazon, but they
can definitely get it on
the, the site that you
mentioned. Very cool. There's a
lot of great resources and
I would really encourage people
by the way, just a
compliment to you and a
direction to the listener. Your
YouTube channel is really great.
There's a lot of really
good advice on your channel
and it's very professionally done.
Thank you. Thank you so
much for chatting with me
today. You're welcome. This has
been another episode of Hanselminutes
and we'll see you again
next week.